Updated Edge Shopping Privacy Whitepaper: added inbox coupons (#2589)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/privacy-whitepaper/index.md

Microsoft also sends the product price, product image, product name, ratings, and reviews, along with information about Microsoft Edge and your operating system version to the service.  The data is sent over HTTPS with a randomly generated identifier and cookies if cookies are allowed.

The Microsoft Edge shopping feature requires sharing of cookie information with Bing.  For example, the cookies may be used for debugging, fraud detection, and analytics.  The Microsoft shopping service returns prices from other retailers, historical price trends, and any available coupons for that website.

> To help you find and keep track of coupons in your inbox, Microsoft Edge may optionally scan your connected email account for coupons in promotional emails. The Microsoft shopping service extracts coupons from promotional emails that are sent by supported retailers. The extracted coupons are stored and managed by the Microsoft shopping service and are accessible to you. Inbox coupons don't appear when using **Guest mode** or **InPrivate**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

To help you find and keep track of coupons in your inbox, Microsoft Edge may optionally scan your connected email account for coupons in promotional emails. The Microsoft shopping service extracts coupons from promotional emails that are sent by supported retailers. The extracted coupons are stored and managed by the Microsoft shopping service and are accessible to you. Inbox coupons don't appear when using **Guest mode** or **InPrivate**.
```
add blank line to break up long paragraph - 2nd paragraph, this way, groups the sentences that contain "coupon".

The Microsoft Edge shopping feature requires sharing of cookie information with Bing.  For example, the cookies may be used for debugging, fraud detection, and analytics.  The Microsoft shopping service returns prices from other retailers, historical price trends, and any available coupons for that website.

> ![Shopping and coupons](./media/inboxcoupons.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Coupons for various websites](./media/inboxcoupons.png)
```
unique alt-text

> ![Shopping and coupons](./media/inboxcoupons.png)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
moved png down into steps per @apryzgoda comment

> 
> ![Shopping and coupons](./media/inboxcoupons.png)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
moved png down into steps per @apryzgoda comment

> To help you find and keep track of coupons in your inbox, Microsoft Edge may optionally scan your connected email account for coupons in promotional emails. The Microsoft shopping service extracts coupons from promotional emails sent by supported retailers. The extracted coupons are stored and managed by the Microsoft shopping service and is accessible to you. Inbox coupons will not appear when using **Guest mode** or **InPrivate**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To help you find and keep track of coupons in your inbox, Microsoft Edge may optionally scan your connected email account for coupons in promotional emails. The Microsoft shopping service extracts coupons from promotional emails that are sent by supported retailers. The extracted coupons are stored and managed by the Microsoft shopping service and are accessible to you. Inbox coupons don't appear when using **Guest mode** or **InPrivate**.
```

![Shopping and coupons](./media/inboxcoupons-settings.png)

> To control which retailers' emails get scanned by Microsoft Edge, complete the following actions: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To control which retailers' emails get scanned by Microsoft Edge:
```

> 1.  Click on the **“Your Shopping”** tab on the shopping sidebar 

Reviewer: missing step 1:  how do I get to the shopping sidebar?  I'm checking actual UI now...

> ![Shopping and coupons](./media/inboxcoupons-settings.png)
> 
> To control which retailers' emails get scanned by Microsoft Edge, complete the following actions: 
> 
> 1.  Click on the **“Your Shopping”** tab on the shopping sidebar 
> 1.  Go to the Inbox coupons card and click on the “...” button 
> 1.  Click on the **“Settings”** link and view retailers in your inbox 
> 1.  Control retailer email preferences via toggles 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To control which retailers' emails are scanned by Microsoft Edge:

1.  On the **Shopping** sidebar, click the **Your Shopping** tab.

1.  In the **Inbox coupons** card, click the **Settings** (**...**) button:

    ![Shopping and coupons](./media/inboxcoupons-settings.png)

1.  In the **Retailers in your inbox** section, expand the section for a retailer, and then turn the toggle on or off.
```

Reviewer: i haven't reproduced the actual UI yet; i can't actually follow the draft steps or revised steps.  I'm not logged in, and there is no "Inbox coupons" card.

Author: @mikehoffms Inbox coupons is 100% in US market and we are flighting in UK/AU by end of May and will start our flights to DE/FR in June. If you are having trouble viewing our experience in the US please let me know.

To access the experience outside the US you will need to use Edge Launcher and run our flag "--enable-features=msShoppingExp52"

![image](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/assets/133438973/1adbb69c-5257-4fdb-a3af-d6ae84098252)

> To turn off Inbox coupons, completing the following actions: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To turn off Inbox coupons:
```

> To turn off Inbox coupons, completing the following actions: 
> 
> 1.  Click on the **“Your Shopping”** tab on the shopping sidebar 
> 1.  Go to the Inbox coupons card and click on the “...” button 
> 1.  Select the email account you wish to disconnect and click on the **“Settings”** link 
> 1.  **“Disconnect email”**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To turn off Inbox coupons:

1.  On the **Shopping** sidebar, click the **Your Shopping** tab.

1.  In the **Inbox coupons** card, click the **Settings** (**...**) button.

1.  Select an email account, and then click the **Settings** link.

1.  Click the **Disconnect email** button.
```

Author: @mikehoffms the disconnect email is a button (in css) but appears as a link

![image](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/assets/133438973/5db97c89-830c-43e9-89b2-7a30ad31b160)

![image](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/assets/133438973/08b14497-ebe2-4b41-9c4f-b9a24f4be4e9)

The Microsoft Edge shopping feature requires sharing of cookie information with Bing.  For example, the cookies may be used for debugging, fraud detection, and analytics.  The Microsoft shopping service returns prices from other retailers, historical price trends, and any available coupons for that website.

To help you find and keep track of coupons in your inbox, Microsoft Edge may optionally scan your connected email account for coupons in promotional emails. The Microsoft shopping service extracts coupons from promotional emails that are sent by supported retailers. The extracted coupons are stored and managed by the Microsoft shopping service and are accessible to you. Inbox coupons don't appear when using **Guest mode** or **InPrivate**.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The following steps assume that you have already signed up for coupons.

```
please try to make the wording more specific & technically accurate than my suggested wording.
